some warning signs that you might see with problems of your team morale
is gonna be the first one if you're noticing that everybody is just
down people don't enjoy being where they're at they don't joy the
work that they're doing that should be one red flag right there and
that's where you need to take time to step away gather the group up
and find out what is going on that's that's decreasing morale another
one that you're gonna find is just trust issues that are being with
tested within the team people are trusting one another maybe they
don't trust you maybe they don't trust their peers why is that happening
because everyone should be able to trust one another within the
team OB so those are two that I can think of right now that or where
it red flags if you're having issues with that issues within the team